# Remote Work

## Making Remote Work

### Establish a Remote Leadership Team

Organize a team of people who have experience working remotely to communicate
remote work best practices and answer questions for others. This team should
Document best practices and develop strategies to resolve challenges. This team
has the authority to establish company best practices and identify directly
responsible individuals (DRIs) to find solutions.

### Integrate Remote Work Policies in the Company Handbook

This serves as a single source of truth for the entire company. One of the major
challenges when going remote is keeping everyone informed in an efficient manor.
Use this handbook to systematically document process changes in a central place
to minimize confusion.

### Establish a Communications Strategy

Transparency is key when transition to remote collaboration. Team members expect
frequent updates as leaders iterate on their communication plan

### Consolidate Communication Tools

Use the fewest tools possible and eliminate tools with redundant features. Using
fewer tools means brings a unified approach to communication and eliminates
confusion around tool choice.

### Embrace Change

The transition to remote is a process and takes time. Leaders need to embrace
iteration, establish communication around what is and isn't working, and
communicate messaging to all employees. Managing a remote company is like
managing any company——it comes down to trust, communication, and company-wide
support of shared goals.

## Meeting Etiquette

### Conference Rooms

Conference rooms are a limited resource. Only reserve a conference room when
it's required and immediately release reserved conference rooms if they're not
needed. Reserving a conference room and not using it may prevent collaboration
when it's needed most.

### Zoom Whiteboard

Leverage Zoom's whiteboard. Zoom's whiteboard is just as good as a conference
room whiteboard and allow you to make collaborative annotations with remote
colleagues. Zoom's whiteboard also lets you export your annotations so you can
easily share your ideas with your team.

### Video Conference Default

Always include remote colleagues in team meetings. When creating a meeting, add
a conference video link (i.e. Zoom) as a default so all team members can
participate, regardless of location. This has an added benefit of helping
on-site colleagues that might need to change plans and work from home.

### Camera On Conferencing

When conducting a meeting with on-site and remote employees, it's best to
encourage all on-site colleagues to join the video conference from their laptops
with their camera on and microphone muted. This may seem strange at first, but
having all participants on the video call helps remote employees see all meeting
participants and feel like equal participants. It also helps remote colleagues
keep track of who's speaking which might not be as clear with a single
conference room video camera.

## Communication

<details><summary>Create a Team Meeting Space</summary>
  
A team meeting space is dedicated, repeating meeting for your team to hold
casual discussions and impromptu meetings. This can take the form of a dedicated
Zoom meeting that's always available for your team to jump in and out of at any
time. This allows your team to quickly meet without going through the hassle of
creating a meeting and inviting attendees.

To create one with zoom:

1. open your [AbSci Google Calendar](calendar.google.com)
2. Add a new meeting and set it to repeat daily for an arbitrary date range

   _Note_: Don't add a video conference option yet. We have to first close and
   save the event to get around Zoom's limit on recurring meetings.

3. Check to make sure the event successfully saved to your calendar.
4. Edit the meeting you created and click "Add video conferencing" and select
   "Zoom Meeting"
5. You now have a meeting that you can share with your team. The Zoom URL will
   remain the same so team members can bookmark the URL for quick access

</details>
